No problem, anyone who wants to sign up with Mr. Lu
Bosses
Let's get a cooperation agreement.
Hey, hey, Mr. Lu
Please give us a contract too
Mr. Jiang
I can't afford to entertain you. You can talk to the chairperson yourself
No but get out of the way
Don't delay me from cutting ties with my boss, Dad
We have completely offended Cang'er and Grandpa.
He won't work with us
Really want to be a white-eyed wolf
Yeah it's blood thicker than water
Let's go and plead with him
Isn't that program easy to get?
Wei Guo, you took out so much money this time
Let me practice
Is it too much?
It's okay, there is a silk to help you.
Besides, you got to this position all of a sudden
I also need to open up a little network for you
The most effective way to expand your network is to spend money
son
Father-in-law
I really didn't expect it.
This Huacan Group is yours